Add docker build instructions (#252)
openthread/ot-nrf528xx: src/nrf52840/README.md

$ arm-none-eabi-objcopy -O ihex build/bin/ot-cli-ftd ot-cli-ftd.hex
```

### Alternative build using Docker

> Alternatively, it's possible to build using a Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can build using a Docker image instead of nRF Command Line Tools.
```

> This can be useful in case of CI/CD builds or to build locally without installing the dependencies.

Reviewer: What is CI/CD in this case? Do the abbreviations need to be opened?

Are there downsides? For example, is the user foregoing all the support options (USB CDC ACM support, Bootloader support, and so on)?

Author: I meant to say when building in a pipeline in the cloud, most of the time the build agent will run some generic OS and the build agent can be instructed to run our pipeline script in a specific container image.

In this case, building through the docker image can help better control the build environment over time and give better odds of a build not failing if the cloud provider updates the VM environment.

I don't know of any downsides but my tests were limited to the sample build I provided as an example in the PR description.

Reviewer: Alright, that sounds good and doesn't necessitate any more clarification, I think.

Example for the nRF52840 dongle:

```bash
cd <path-to-ot-nrf528xx>
docker run --rm -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd):/workdir/project coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:v1.8-branch ./script/build nrf52840 USB_trans -DOT_BOOTLOADER=USB -DOT_THREAD_VERSION=1.2
```

> Then `elf` files can be converted through the same container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a successful build, the `elf` files can be converted through the same container image.
```
To match the normal build's wording.

```

### Building using Docker

Alternatively, you can build using a Docker image instead of nRF Command Line Tools.

This can be useful in case of CI/CD builds or to build locally without installing the dependencies.

Example for the nRF52840 dongle:

```bash
cd <path-to-ot-nrf528xx>
docker run --rm -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd):/workdir/project coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:v1.8-branch ./script/build nrf52840 USB_trans -DOT_BOOTLOADER=USB -DOT_THREAD_VERSION=1.2
```

After a successful build, the `elf` files can be converted through the same container image.

For example:

```bash
cd <path-to-ot-nrf528xx>
docker run --rm -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd):/workdir/project coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:v1.8-branch arm-none-eabi-objcopy -O ihex build/bin/ot-rcp build/bin/ot-rcp.hex
```

See [Build NCS application firmware images using Docker][build-ncs-using-docker] for general instructions on using Docker to build an nRF Connect SDK based application.

[build-ncs-using-docker]: https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/guides/nrf-connect-sdk-guides/b/getting-started/posts/build-ncs-application-firmware-images-using-docker

> https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/guides/nrf-connect-sdk-guides/b/getting-started/posts/build-ncs-application-firmware-images-using-docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

docker run --rm -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd):/workdir/project coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker:v1.8-branch arm-none-eabi-objcopy -O ihex build/bin/ot-rcp build/bin/ot-rcp.hex
```

> General instructions on using this Docker image to build an nRF Connect SDK based application can be found through this link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Build NCS application firmware images using Docker][build-ncs-using-docker] for general instructions on using Docker to build an nRF Connect SDK based application.

[build-ncs-using-docker]: https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/guides/nrf-connect-sdk-guides/b/getting-started/posts/build-ncs-application-firmware-images-using-docker
```
